README.md, before:

### So, hi, I'm Andrew, though online I'm more commonly known as DigitalAdapt.

#### Maker of [Web3Tax](https://web3tax.info/)

- 🚀 Just finished updating my website: [DigitalAdapt.com](https://www.digitaladapt.com/)
- 🔭 I’m currently working on: [Web3Tax](https://web3tax.info/) 
- ✨ Resume: [Resume (PDF)](https://www.digitaladapt.com/documents/Andrew-B-Stowell-Resume.pdf)
- 📫 How to reach me:
  - <a rel="me" href="https://toot.community/@digitaladapt">Mastodon: digitaladapt (toot.community)</a>
  - [Twitter: digitaladapt](https://twitter.com/digitaladapt)
  - [Email: andrew@digitaladapt.com](mailto:andrew@digitaladapt.com)
  - [Discord: DigitalAdapt#8238](https://discord.com/users/570971366833127425)
  - [Keybase: digitaladapt](https://keybase.io/digitaladapt)
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- ⚡ Fun fact: Beyond coding for a living, and coding for fun, I sometimes crochet and knit once and a while.

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=digitaladapt&title_color=8cff9b&text_color=eeeeee&bg_color=12173d&border_color=464b8c&show_icons=true&icon_color=464b8c)

![Most Used Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=digitaladapt&title_color=8cff9b&text_color=eeeeee&bg_color=12173d&border_color=464b8c)

Commit message:

removed w3t references, since I've sunset that project.

README.md, after:

### So, hi, I'm Andrew, though online I'm more commonly known as DigitalAdapt.

<!-- #### Maker of [Web3Tax](https://web3tax.info/) -->

- 🚀 Just finished updating my website: [DigitalAdapt.com](https://www.digitaladapt.com/)
<!-- - 🔭 I’m currently working on: [Web3Tax](https://web3tax.info/) -->
- ✨ Resume: [Resume (PDF)](https://www.digitaladapt.com/documents/Andrew-B-Stowell-Resume.pdf)
- 📫 How to reach me:
  - <a rel="me" href="https://toot.community/@digitaladapt">Mastodon: digitaladapt (toot.community)</a>
  - [Twitter: digitaladapt](https://twitter.com/digitaladapt)
  - [Email: andrew@digitaladapt.com](mailto:andrew@digitaladapt.com)
  - [Discord: DigitalAdapt#8238](https://discord.com/users/570971366833127425)
  - [Keybase: digitaladapt](https://keybase.io/digitaladapt)
- 😄 Pronouns: He/Him
- ⚡ Fun fact: Beyond coding for a living, and coding for fun, I sometimes crochet and knit once and a while. But most days I'm just an exhausted dad, just trying to keep up with my kids.

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=digitaladapt&title_color=8cff9b&text_color=eeeeee&bg_color=12173d&border_color=464b8c&show_icons=true&icon_color=464b8c)

My most used language is actually PHP, but that is all in private work git repos not accounted for here.

![Most Used Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=digitaladapt&title_color=8cff9b&text_color=eeeeee&bg_color=12173d&border_color=464b8c)
